docs(changelog): for release v2.2.0 (#319)
commercetools/commercetools-docs-kit: CHANGELOG.md

## [2.2.0](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-docs-kit/compare/v2.1.0...v2.2.0) (2020-03-25)

#### 🚀 Type: New Feature

- `gatsby-theme-docs`, `ui-kit`
  - [#305](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-docs-kit/pull/305) feat(theme): implement <MultiCodeExample> and <MultiCodeBlock> components ([@davifantasia](https://github.com/davifantasia))

> Documentation writers can now reference multiple code examples together in the MDX files. The code examples are grouped together are users can switched between them via a dropdown. This is useful when there is a need to provide examples for achieving the same thing, in different programming languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation writers can now reference multiple code examples together in the MDX files. The code examples are grouped together and enables users to switch between them via a dropdown. This is useful when there is a need to provide examples for achieving the same thing in different programming languages.
```

Author: Thanks
